[TITLE: Dont Touch That]

[CHARACTERS:
MainCharacter 
Neighbor1(Damon) 
Neighbor2(Ayla) 
AiDemon0(
AiDemon1(
AiDemon2(
AiDemon3(]

[GAME FEATURES:

(Modes:
	Easy: AiDemon is randomly selected on start 
of game(only 1 AiDemon per gameplay, possibility 
to inflict damage based at 15%.(Base damage being 
30hp on attack.(Can only attack twice in a row) 
Increase activity and possibility to inflict damage 
5.5% nightly)(AiDemon cannot attack during day time)
	Medium: AiDemon is randomly selected on
start of game(only 1 AiDemon with increased 
possibility to inflict damage to 30%(Base damage 
30hp on attack.(Can only attack twice in a row)
Increase 4% nightly(Can only attack 3 times in a 
row) Increase activity and possibility to inflict 
damage 5% nightly)(AiDemon can inflict half damage 
during day time)
	Hard: Same as Medium, but now AiDemon can 
play tricks on you(make you think it is another 
AiDemon. It can also disturb salt lines and circles 
so you need to be extra careful.)(After 3 days and 
3 nights, AiDemon can inflict damage in day time.)

(Objects to be found: 
flashlight 
batteries(14 batteries, one for each night, but 
battery life length=85% of 1 night)
camera(with nightvision)
camera charger
key0(MainCharacters Apartment Key) 
key1(Damon&Layla's Apartment Key) 
key2(footlocker key) 
key3(basement key) 
Book of the Damned(contains knowledge on the 4 
AiDemons, how to summon and excorsize them, how 
(not)to provoke them, what kind of herb is used to 
ward them)
salt 
herb0(sage bundle) 
herb1(rosemary bundle) 
herb2(juniper bundle) 
herb3(lavender bundle) 
blessed water 
spray bottle 
crucifix 
castiron bar 
breaker box(in basement)
	
[PROLOGUE: 
	You've just recently moved in this freshly
remodeled apartment a few months ago. You've grown
quite comfortable here. The neighbors upstairs 
(Damon and Layla) are just as relaxed and kicked
back as you are. 
	They asked you to watch over their house
while they went on vacation. Of course you gave
them assurance that they were in good hands, it's 
not like you can't. 
		They never told you..] 


[PART 1: 
You're watching the upstairs apartment for 2 weeks. 
The neighbors are taking part in some real occult 
activities. They forgot to properly clean up after 
a recent sacrifice, and you finished for them. 
There is now something else in the apartments with 
you. ] 
[Objectives: 
Meet neighbors for key; answer a knock at the door, 
accept key from neighbor. 
Clean house; after neighbor leaves suggest to self 
"I should really clean this place up" , vacuum, 
collect and do the dishes, smoke cigarette, take 
garbage out. 
Clean upstairs apartment; pick up clutter(weird 
candles, bowl with dark liquid in it, cluster of 
burnt herbs) along with pick up garbage, vacuum, 
mop(weird marks on floor(left behind satanic 
symbols and pentagram), do dishes, take garbage 
out. 
Go downstairs; make dinner, eat, take a shower, get 
ready for bed. 
(Get woke up in the middle of the night, e.g., 3:07
a.m to the door slamming shut and footsteps running 
out the back door, slamming the back door as well.) 
Chase footsteps; follow the noise(it leads you to 
the upstairs apartment) 
(When you get to the upstairs door a very guttoral 
and loud growl can be heard inside) ] 

[PART 2:
Go back downstairs for key; you left it in your 
nightstand next to your bed. 
Explore upstairs apartment; look for the source of 
the footsteps and growl. 
(Random sounds that don't sound proper lead you 
around the house to different locatiions) 
(You can call out to the noises, and might get a 
response.)  
Find their journals; 
Find a key to a footlocker; inside is items that 
resemble the clutter you picked up earlier. 
(Just as you make the connection that this is the 
rest of whatever you picked up earlier. Grabbing 
a book that you see in the footlocker, you go to 
open it... just as you grab the cover of the book. 
You hesitate. Just as you do something whispers in 
your ear~JUMPSCARE~ Dont Touch That!) ] 

[PART 3: 
Go back downstairs; read book. (Learn that it is a 
demon, how to summon and send it back.)
Sleep; or try to(the AiDemon will continue to 
bother you until you set up precautions.) 
Collect material to keep demon out of bedroom; salt, 
blessed water, 
Identify aiDemon; based on activity, and 
MainCharacter provocation, learn what entity you 
are dealing with.
This can take anywhere from 3-10 nights to 
identify which entity spawned in.]

[PART 4:
Dont die; #1 rule, survive as long as you can.
Excorsize AiDemon; once identified collect 
ingredients to excorsize demon.(AiDemon will try to 
prevent this) ] 

GOAL OF GAME: You either have to excorsize the 
demon and rid your house of this negative entity, 
or you survive long enough to give your neighbors 
back their key and leave, leaving behind everything 
in your house. Cleanse yourself and leave the 
property.
